add known issue (#7640)
arangodb/arangodb: Documentation/Books/Manual/ReleaseNotes/KnownIssues33.md

ArangoDB Customers can access the
[_Technical & Security Alerts_](https://arangodb.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEVSUP/pages/223903745)
page after login into the Support Portal.

| # | Issue      |
|---|------------|

> | 5 | **Date Added:** 2018-12-04 <br> **Component:** arangod <br> **Deployment Mode:** All <br> **Description:** Parallel creation of collections using multiple client connections with the same database user may spuriously fail with "Could not update user due to conflict" warnings when setting user permissions on the new collections. A follow-up effect of this may be that access to the just-created collection is denied. <br> **Affected Versions:** 3.3 series ** <br> **Fixed in Versions:** 3.4.1 <br> **Reference:** [arangodb/arangodb#5342](https://github.com/arangodb/arangodb/issues/5342)  |

Reviewer: Extra `**` after affected versions.

Should be `3.3.x, 3.4.0` I guess? Or is there a fix in 3.3.20 or something? Then it should be `3.3.0 to 3.3.19, 3.4.0` (following Santo's convention from the other issues).

```suggestion
| 5 | **Date Added:** 2018-12-04 <br> **Component:** arangod <br> **Deployment Mode:** All <br> **Description:** Parallel creation of collections using multiple client connections with the same database user may spuriously fail with "Could not update user due to conflict" warnings when setting user permissions on the new collections. A follow-up effect of this may be that access to the just-created collection is denied. <br> **Affected Versions:** 3.3.x, 3.4.0 <br> **Fixed in Versions:** 3.4.1 <br> **Reference:** [arangodb/arangodb#5342](https://github.com/arangodb/arangodb/issues/5342)  |
```
